Challenge 0:
We create the .hello_there file

Challenge 1:
We remove write permisions from the file

Challenge 2:
Find the procces id using pidof and send it the SIGCONT signal using kill -SIGCONT <pid>

Challenge 3:
Run riddle with ANSWER=42

Challenge 4:
mkfifo magic_mirror

Challenge 5:
We make a script that opens the .hello_there file changes the fd to be 99 and execve the riddle

Challenge 6:
We make a script that opens the fifo file magic_mirror and uses dup2 to assign the fds 33 34 53 54 to it

Challenge 7:
ln .hello_there .hey_there

Challenge 8:
We make a script that crates 10 files named bf00-bf09 and fills them with 1073741824 bytes

Challenge 9:
nc -l 49842 in another terminal before running riddle

Challenge 10:
We create a script that creates the file secret number then creates a child that does 
execve riddle then the parentwaits a bit for riddle to write the number in the file, 
reads it and writes it into a defferent file for us to read

Challenge 11:
The same as challenge 10

Challenge 12:
We run riddle with strace to see what is the name of the file it created and
what character wants to find and we run a script we made that takes as arguments
the file name and the character, opens the file, lseek the correct position and writes the character

Chalenge 13:
We create a script that opens the .hello_there file, makes a child that runs riddle, waits a bit for 
riddle to truncate the file and then it truncates it back to full size

Chalenge 14:
We create a script that calls fork until the pid is 32767. Before that we change the file that keeps the
current pid to be close to that so that we dont have to wait a lot

Challenge 15:
We create a file that contains a function called setup_tier2 and compile it to an so using
gcc -shared -o tier2.so -fPIC script15.c

Challenge 16:
In the setup_tier2 function we mmap a pointer to the address riddle specifies and asign it the value of its pid

Challenge  18: 'Tier3'
Hint:          'How did you get so far?'.
What's the password?
Eh.. wh.. what?
Who's there?
Leave me alone, I'm just a lowly imp.
STOP POKING ME!
I always wanted to be a dragon slayer...
but for now I'm just trapped in an easter egg :-(
You know, this riddle is IMPossible!
Haha I made a joke!
If I tell you the password will you help me escape?
If you don't know what password, come back when you're a hero
Still here?
OK, the password is 'deep padufly blue'. Please don't go, set me free...
I gave you the password, will you set me free?
I'll tell you my secret...
I'm not really an IMP, I was an ELF once
but I... annoyed the wrong kind of Wizard :-(
